The fact that life has managed to exist up to this point, surviving countless natural disasters 
and extreme changes to atmospheric conditions is a result of evolution over millions of years. It is the intricate relationship
between the multitude of diverse species in an ecosystem that allows life to persist against all odds. 
With more biodiversity, there is a greater chance that at least a few species will survive a disturbance, allowing for an energy pathway
to remain and provide food for all of the species' left. This ability of ecosystems to withstand change is called ecosystem resilience.

However, this key ability of ecosystems to adapt is also very delicate. Declining species' populations already puts 
ecosystems in a difficult challenge of survival. But when humans drive species' to extinction, 
not only does this erase millions of years of evolution's work, but it also pushes ecosystems to an even more fragile state, where
even a single disease or an adverse weather event could cause the collapse of the entire ecosystem. 

Therefore, it is the goal of this website to provide an exhibit of wildlife around KGV, as a way to appreciate the diverse
collection of life in our environment, and where possible, to suggest ways of promoting the survival of life into the future. 


FIXES

The fact that life has managed to exist up to this point, surviving countless natural disasters
        and changes to atmospheric conditions is a result of evolution over millions of years. It is the intricate relationship
        between the multitude of diverse species within an ecosystem that allows life to persist against even the most unlikely odds.
        With more biodiversity, more species will survive disturbances to their ecosystems, allowing for energy pathways
        to remain from producers to apex predators. This ensures the survival of the ecosystem,
        and hence this is called ecosystem resilience.

        However, this essential ability that keeps ecosystems alive is also very delicate. Ecosystems are already facing a
        difficult battle for survival due to the declining species populations. But when humans drive species to extinction,
        not only does this erase millions of years of evolutionary progress, but it also pushes ecosystems to an even more fragile state, where
        a single disease or adverse weather event could potentially cause the collapse of the entire ecosystem.

        Therefore, it is the goal of this website to provide an exhibit of wildlife around KGV, as a way to document the diverse
        collection of life within our environment, and where possible, to share ways to promote the survival of wildlife into the future.